docker-compose: add possibility for a local Nginx module. (#68)
instana/nginx-tracing: README.md

## Build & Launch

> If you wish to test an NGINX tracing module built locally on your host, you can copy it into `nginx/ngx_http_opentracing_module.so` and uncomment the volumne mounting in the `nginx` service in the `docker-compose.yml` file.
> 

Reviewer: This whole repo is public and customer facing. This stuff is closed source. Customers cannot build their own modules. They can only receive some from us.

I'd like to drop this whole paragraph here. Let's keep it undocumented for not confusing customers.

```suggestion
```

Author: Removed, thanks

- `nginx` service, which routes all incoming requests to the ...
- `server-app` service, a simple Spring Boot application that returns `200` to any HTTP request.

> After the agent is bootstrapped and starts accepting spans from NGINX, the resulting traces are logged into files named `spans-<timestamp_ns>` into the directory `agent/logs` and in the Analyze view will look like the following:

Reviewer: Too complex sentence. Needs to be split.
```suggestion
After the agent is bootstrapped and starts accepting spans from NGINX, the resulting traces are logged into files named `spans-<timestamp_ns>` in the directory `agent/logs`.

In the Analyze view this looks like the following:
```

Author: Thanks Sebastian it is much better, I will try my best to keep paragraphs simple.
